SUMMER 
What does this team member consider his or her strengths?
I am good at communicating and big-picture planning. I feel like I am pretty solid in running analytics and knowing which tests to perform. 
What does this team member consider his or her weaknesses?
I am not great at recoding/wrangling and my coding skills in general are rudimentary. 
How does this team member feel he or she works best? This could be anything from the time of day he or she likes to work to the type of work he or she likes to do, the resources he or she frequently utilizes, or even the best way to communicate with him or her.
I work in the mornings and I like to work fast and get lots done. I am free for meetings later in the day but I do all my coding and actual work before 1pm. 
How would the team member like to receive feedback? In an ideal world, feedback would be primarily good - everyone is tackling their assigned tasks with aplomb. But sometimes, things don't run as smoothly. Having a plan in place ahead of time to have these hard conversations is smart!
I am very open to feedback, just make sure it is specific and clear. 
SUMMER'S CONTACT INFO: 
Email: SummerKenney87@hotmail.com
Text: 816-882-0857

JACLYN
What does your team member consider his or her 
strengths?
I’m good at communicating, a great listener and 
planning.
I am at being creating and telling a story due to my 
wild imagination.
I am solid on running analytics.
What does this team member consider his or her 
weaknesses?
I’m so, so when it comes to recoding and Data 
Wrangling, but I am getting better.
How does this team member feel he or she works best? 
This could be anything from the time of the day or she 
likes to work to the type of work he or she like to do, the 
resource he or she frequently utilizes , or even the best 
way to communicate with him or she.
17 years in working in medical research, I work best 
in the morning. My mind is well rested and I can 
focus on each of my assignment so I can prepare to start working on projects. 
The best way to communicate with me is by email or 
text.
How would your team member like to receive feedbacks?
I am opened to receiving feedbacks.


David
What does this team member consider his or her strenghts?
Im good at keeping up with my team and give my insights. I think that im decent at recognizing what it is that needs to be done. I like to say that i am comfortable with both r and python. Good at recoding and data wrangling
What does this team member consider his or her weaknesses?
My weakness has to be my self-doubt. I second guess myself in my own work.
How does this team member feel he or she works best?
i work best when i remove all my distractions. I tend to get distracted easily so i have been working on staying focused and commited to my work. I work best in the morning to start my day but i currently have a 7-4 job.
How would your team member like to receive feedbacks?
I love hearing back on what i need to improve on. I am open to receiving any type of constructive critism. 

Amber  
